questions:
1. what is the difference between the process of balancing in avl trees and red black trees
2. what is a game tree? can we consider it an artificial intelligence? why?
3. when to use minimax algorithm? is it the same with alpha beta pruning algorithm? discuss
4. how are trees used in the study of formal languages

1. avl trees require the heights of the left and right children of every node to differ by at most +- 1.
   red black trees follows rules to make the tree balanced, including that every node has a special memory, stating if
   that node is red or black, where the root node is a black node, that no two adjacent (root-child/parent) red node 
   can exist, the most important aspect is that every path, which starts from a node to any of its descendant null 
   node, has the same number of black nodes.
2. a game tree is a tree whose nodes are representative of positions and edges are game decisions. it starts on
   an initial state and contains all possible game conditions and decisions.
   by itself, a game tree should not be considered an artificial intelligence. although it contains all the possible
   game conditions and decisions, without any external determining agent, such as an algorithm that determines
   the best path possible, or relate the current game condition to other game conditions and formulate a path, the
   game tree is simply just a collection of data to be used.
3. the minimax algorithm is most likely to be used in a two player turn-based games. the catch is that both players
   must play optimally, and for this case, 1 player tries to get the highest score possible and the other player does the
   opposite. meanwhile, the alpha beta pruning algorithm, is not exactly the same as the minimax algorithm, however,
   it is the optimization of the former algorithm. it does so by limiting the processing time of the algorithm, example
   of this optimization is, when the beta is already less than or equal to the alpha, there may be cases which the sibling
   of the current node wont be calculated.
4. the study of formal languages can be viewed on two perspectives, the structure of the sentence and the formulation
   of the words. like programming, sentences also follow a certain syntax, which includes the use of correct grammar, wile
   for the formulation of the sentence, our brain will think of the words to connect starting from a word to make the
   sentence correct and or complete.